gh-65210: Add const qualifiers in PyArg_VaParseTupleAndKeywords() (#105958)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.13.rst

  APIs accepting the format codes always use ``Py_ssize_t`` for ``#`` formats.
  (Contributed by Inada Naoki in :gh:`104922`.)

* The *keywords* parameter of :c:func:`PyArg_ParseTupleAndKeywords` and
  :c:func:`PyArg_VaParseTupleAndKeywords` has now type :c:expr:`char * const *`
  in C and :c:expr:`const char * const *` in C++, instead of :c:expr:`char **`.

>   It makes these functions compatible with argument of type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It makes these functions compatible with arguments of type
```

Fix grammar error

  :c:expr:`const char * const *`, :c:expr:`const char **` or
  :c:expr:`char * const *` in C++ and :c:expr:`char * const *` in C

>   without explicit type cast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  without an explicit type cast.
```

Fix grammar error

>   This can be overridden by defining the macro ``PY_CXX_CONST``
>   before including :file:`Python.h` as ``const`` for the latter and as
>   empty value for the former.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This can be overridden with the :c:macro:`PY_CXX_CONST` macro.
```

Now that this is documented, simply refer interested readers here directly instead of duplicating the whole explanation.

  :c:expr:`const char * const *`, :c:expr:`const char **` or
  :c:expr:`char * const *` in C++ and :c:expr:`char * const *` in C
  without explicit type cast.

>   This can be overridden by defining the macro ``PY_CXX_CONST``

Reviewer 2: Can we use this?

```suggestion
  This can be overridden by defining the macro :c:macro:`!PY_CXX_CONST`
```

Author: Yes, both ``` :c:macro:`!PY_CXX_CONST` ``` and ``` ``PY_CXX_CONST`` ``` would work.

Reviewer: To note, while they both silence the warning, they have different semantics in the source and rendering in the output.

However, with the changes suggested above, it is a moot point as you can link this and also simplify this What's New entry by referring readers to the macro description, which explains this (instead of duplicating the explanation here).
